this video is brought to you by the
Corsair Vengeance k70 and k95 these
fully mechanical keyboards are designed
for performance gaming visit Corsair
comm slash Vengeance gaming to learn
more this will be an extremely short
unboxing for what is a very simple
product so I bought one of these because
on our weekly live stream I want okay
then I'm very durable though she's good
on our weekly live stream I want to play
Super Nintendo games I want to play them
off of a computer because that just
works better for me I own the cartridge
but no gray area emulation whatever so
this thing is going to allow me to do
that this is the retro link mmm very
descriptive dual controller port adapter
compatible with original and third-party
asset II it looks exactly like that it's
almost like the picture is supposed to
be the product dual ports for two-player
gaming
check that out dual ports connects to a
PC or Mac via USB cable check that out
that is a USB cable three foot long
cable that is a three foot long cable
compact and easy to use and it is USB 2
so it both connects to a PC or a Mac via
USB and it is USB 2 unbelievable ok so
let's go back to the product itself
player 1 is clearly labeled player 2 is
clearly labeled so the alpha-male plugs
in here and the beta male plugs in here
but not at the same time that's this my
friends is how hard the setup process is
plug your controllers into the retro
link plug the retro links USB plug into
a port on your computer then without any
driver installation whatsoever it
automatically detected everything you
can see there's two different
controllers in there and you can also
which one there we go you can also see
your D pads working all your buttons are
working for both of the controllers then
you fire up your favorite game whatever
it happens to be and of course you own
the original console game because as
much as emulation may be a gray area I
personally feel it's not nearly as bad
as long as you own the original game to
dust off before you play and then
hopefully you're gonna win I think I'm
gonna win this one I'm up 3-2 so as
always guys don't forget to subscribe to
my
videos like this video leave a comment
on this video let me know what you think
of this product we don't generally do
that many videos of this kind of stuff
we're more focused on computer gear but
this was something that I bought for
myself so I thought I might as well show
it to y'all and if you want to get one
for yourself the link to Amazon is in
the video description that's where I got
mine from so thank you for watching and
I'm gonna go ahead and try and run out
the clock here because we got 40 seconds
to go
[Music]
oh no you believe Yeager's still playing
in the NHL there he is right there
yeah Murr you know mother meter go over
the other guys i won oh no it's a third
period there's three periods in hockey
well I think we're done here